your gaming PC is way slower than it
should be. And it's not your hardware,
it's your settings. Today, I'm going to
show you the ultimate 2026 optimization
guide that'll boost your FPS, lower your
input lag, and make your PC run at peak
performance. Now, before we get started,
I want to let you know this is going to
be a full system optimization. So, we're
talking BIOS updates, fresh Windows
install, stripped drivers, the whole
nine yards. If you want to skip all this
and get a professional optimization done
in minutes, head over to zilly.net.
We'll handle everything I'm about to
show you, plus a ton more advanced
tweaks so you can get straight into
gaming. Links in the description. But if
you want to learn how to do this
yourself and to take full control of
your system, stick around. Let's get
right into it. Now, before Windows even
loads, your system has BIOS settings
that determine how fast your CPU and RAM
perform. So, let's [music] fix that.
First thing you want to do, go to the
link in the description and download the
2026 Ultimate PC Optimization Guide
folder, which is going to have
everything that we need for the rest of
this video. Now, the second thing that
you need is to have is a USB stick. Plug
it into your computer. [music] However,
if you don't have a USB stick, I would
recommend getting one as this guide
solely depends on you having one just
due to the fact that this makes the
process way more automated and way
faster. [music] For the purposes of this
video, try to find one or try to borrow
one. Make sure you have everything
that's important saved to a different
drive or cloud storage before we
continue because we're about to wipe
your SSD entirely and put a fresh slate
of Windows on it with no bugs, no
corruption, and zero issues. So, first
thing we want to do is check if we have
BIOS updates that are needed on our
computer. Some of the BIOS updates I'd
recommend doing is if you're on AM5, if
you're on AM4 and you got a new CPU or
if you're on the latest Intel.
Regardless of what you've got, you need
to make sure that your BIOS is somewhat
up to date or at a BIOS update that you
know is stable. For realistically 90% of
you that are on older hardware, just
skip this step completely. However, for
people on newer PCs, I recommend double
checking this. All you want to do is go
to the first folder, double click, check
motherboard model, and you're just going
to copy this motherboard model. Click
control C on your keyboard, and then
paste it into Google. This is going to
pop up with your motherboard support
page. Go to drivers [music] and tools,
BIOS, and firmware, and download the
latest version. Once you've done that,
drag this file onto your USB stick.
We're going to flash it in a minute when
we get into BIOS. Now, go to the second
option in the folder and double click
restart to BIOS. However, if this does
not work and it's not going to BIOS,
just restart your PC manually and spam
delete while it's turning back on. Once
you're in BIOS, go to the tool tab or go
to M Flash or just go to the some place
where it says flash or update. For
example, on ASUS, it's going to be ASUS
Easy Flash 3 utility. On MSI, it's M
Flash. Then, scroll down and choose your
USB stick. Then, choose the BIOS file.
Press yes and keep pressing yes until it
starts updating. Give it around 10
minutes to finish updating completely.
then go back into the BIOS settings and
continue with the BIOS optimization. I
recommend everyone loading optimized
defaults on their motherboard. [music]
However, if you just updated your BIOS,
like I said earlier, you don't need to
do this because it's already on default.
But for everyone who didn't need a BIOS
update, just click load optimize
defaults and then press okay. First
thing we want to do is head over to
Extreme Tweaker or AI Tweaker. It might
be different for your motherboard. Just
find wherever that's at. Then for AI
overclock tuner, set this to XMPP1. I
don't really recommend XMPP2 or XMPP
tweaked because these can be unstable.
Just use XMPP1 and this is just [music]
specifically for ASUS. Adaptive boost
technology doesn't do anything for our
situation. So, disable it. Multi-core
enhancement. Set this to enable to
remove all limits. This sets the power
limits to maximum. So, if your CPU needs
to work harder in a game, it [music] can
and it won't captive speed at a certain
frequency. Memory controller DRAM
frequency ratio. If you're using DDR4,
make sure this is set to 1 one. If
you're on DDR5, leave it on auto. For
other motherboards, it's going to be
called gear mode. So gear one is for
DDR4 and then auto is just for DDR5.
Then set your RAM frequency to your XMPP
profile speed or just make sure it's
already set by the XMP profile. For me,
it's going to be 7200.
Then go to thermal velocity boost and
disable all of [music] these because
they're unneeded. Go to tweakers
paradise and disable any spread spectrum
settings. However, you could test these
out. Sometimes if you have a lot of
devices in your room, enabling these
actually helps. to test it. Make sure
ring down bend is disabled and disable
BLK adaptive voltage. Now for
motherboards that are not ASUS, you can
just use the search function to find
some of these settings and disable them
or enable them based on what I said.
Then go to advanced tab at the top. Go
to platform MIS configuration and
disable everything in here. These are
all PCI Express power saving options.
ASPM or any clock gating settings. Make
sure they're disabled. Then go back and
go to CPU configuration. Scroll down to
the bottom. Disable Intel virtualization
technology unless you use virtual
machines or [music] play Valerant and
disable efficiency cores if you're using
Windows 10 or use process lazo to get to
set your games to your P cores if you're
going to leave them enabled. If you're
on Windows 11 with 13th or 14th gen
Intel and play a variety of games, leave
efficient cores set to all. Then at the
bottom, go to CPU power management and
scroll down and disable thermal monitor
and disable CPU C states. This can
increase your temperatures. If your
cooling is terrible by a lot, so be
wary. Disable Intel speed shift
technology as well. VTD is the same as
virtualization. Disable it if you don't
need it, but anti-cheats like Riot
Vanguard and Face It are now requiring
this setting to be enabled. Then go to
trusted computing and make sure this is
enabled because some games won't work
without it like Valerant [music] and
Fortnite. Then go back and go to PCI
subsystem settings. Enable above 4G
decoding and resizable bar support if
you have an RTX 30 series graphics card
or above. Go back and then go to USB
configuration. Make sure XHCI handoff is
enabled. And you can disable legacy USB
support, but if your USB stick won't
show up, just leave it on enabled or
auto. Then go back and go to onboard
devices configuration. Disable anything
you don't need like audio controllers,
USB power delivery, Bluetooth, RGB, and
extra USB controllers. Then go tool tab
at the top and go to SUS Armory Crate
and disable it. If you have MSI Dragon
Center or Gigabyte App Center, disable
all these because they're below. And
that's going to be it for the Intel BIOS
settings. Now just go to save and exit.
Save the profile. If your CMOS ever gets
reset, you can just load it back up.
Then go to save changes and exit and
then press okay. Now, for AMD systems,
all you want to do is press F7 or click
advanced mode on bottom right. Then go
to AI tweaker and then AI overclock
tuner. Set this to DOCP1, Expo one or
XMPP1, whichever one that pops up for
you. Then you want to go to precision
boost orbit drive and you want to
disable VRM throttling and you could
disable peak current control and medium
load boost it. You could enable this.
This is ASUS only feature. So if you
don't have it, you can just ignore it.
Precision boost overdrive. If you're on
ASUS, you can set this to enhancement
and then just leave the thermal limit.
So if [music] you're on any other
motherboard, just set it to advanced.
Then CPU boost clock override. You want
to set this to enabled positive. And
then for most of you, you should be able
to do 200 on max CPU boost clock
override. Now, this is not a precision
boost overdrive overclocking video. So,
if you want to get into that, then just
go watch my 9800 X3D AM5 optimization
guide. I'm just showing you some simple
settings for PBO. That won't hurt
anything or give you any problems. Then
go back. Core tunings configuration for
gaming. You want to set this to level
two. However, legacy does give you lower
latency while level two is [music] more
FPS in games. Then go to advanced tab at
the top. Go to CPU configuration.
Disable PSS support. And if you don't
play Valerant, Face It, or any of the
games that need core isolation turned
on, you can disable NX mode and disable
SVM mode as they are unneeded. Then go
back, [music] go to PCI subsystem
settings and ensure above 4G decoding
and resize bar support are both enabled.
[music] If your graphics card supports
them, if you have anything below RTX30
series, just leave these two disabled.
Then go back, go to USB configuration.
Make sure XHCI [music] handoff is
enabled. And then make sure legacy USB
support is set to auto. Or you can do
disabled and go back. Go to onboard
devices configuration. Disable these
ASPM features. And anything else in here
that you don't use on a daily basis, you
can pretty much disable like this USB
power delivery stuff. Then go back, go
to NB configuration. And this is going
to be a [music] AM5 only setting. So if
you don't have NB configuration, that's
fine. Just disable integrated graphics.
Then go back, go to AMD CBS, disable
global sestate control, disable IO, MMU,
and disable ECC.
Then go to MC common options, DDR
options, and go to DDR security. You can
disable TSME and data scramble if you
have these. Now on DDR4, you are going
to have DRAM latency enhance as a
setting. If you're on [music] MSI, you
can enable that setting if that pops up
for you. And on DDR4, disable bank group
swap and bankrupt swap alt. You can
enable that. Then go to tool tab, go to
ASUS, go to auto install ASUS utilities
and just disable that so it [music]
doesn't automatically install Armory
Crate. Now, if you're on ASUS, press F6.
If you're on MSI, go to hardware [music]
monitor. And if you're on any other
motherboard, just find where you can
control your fan speeds. Now, AMD scales
with [music] how your temperatures are.
So, the lower your temperatures are, the
faster the CPU is going to run. So, we
need to make sure that our fan speeds
are pretty much set to full for our CPU
and pump cooler. Everything else, like
our CHA fan, you can just pretty much
set these to turbo in order for them not
to be so loud, and you still get that
performance boost of having the fans
running faster. Then, all you have to do
is just press F10 and press okay. Now,
once your BIOS is optimized and you're
back in Windows, make sure your USB
stick is plugged in and it's [music]
being detected. Now, go to the third
folder and double click Windows download
Windows 11 or download Windows 10 or
hardware for CS2 players. This takes you
to the Microsoft website where we can
download a fresh Windows installation.
Here's my recommendation. If you have a
modern system, just use Windows 11. If
you have an older system, so like 7th
gen Intel or first generation Ryzen,
Windows 10 is going to be better for
stability. And if you're going to be
playing a lot of CS2, you might also
want to go for Windows 10 just because
that game tends to run better on Windows
10. For me, I'll be installing Windows
11. So just choose multi- edition
English and click the 64-bit download to
start the download. It will take a
minute based on your internet. It's
around 7 GB file. Now, if you want
Windows 10, the website doesn't let you
download the ISO for it unless you do
this. So, right click anywhere on the
website, clicking inspect, and then
click the icon with the phone/t.
Choose any iPhone model on the top, then
just refresh the page with all that
stuff still open. Then click choose
Windows 10 multi-added edition ISO.
Click confirm, then choose English, then
download 64-bit. Now, once it's
downloaded and your USB is plugged in,
double click rough.exe. It will show
your USB stick at the top. [music] Click
select and then choose the ISO file you
just downloaded. Click start. Click okay
twice and give it 10 to 15 minutes to
finish. Now once that's done, go back to
the guide pack. Go to prepare the USB
stick. Highlight everything in the drag
inside USB stick after setting it up
folder. Right click, copy. Paste it onto
your USB stick. If you need Ethernet or
Wi-Fi drivers, go back, check
motherboard model, copy it, and go to
your motherboard support page and
download your Ethernet or Wi-Fi drivers
and then put them on the USB in case you
don't have internet after Windows
installs. Then go back and right click
restart to BIOS and click run as admin.
In BIOS, go to your advanced mode and
then go to your boot tab and then just
change your boot option number one to
your USB stick. You might see two
partitions just like me. Just choose the
first one and then just save changes and
reset. The USB is going to load the
Windows setup. So, press next here and
then next again. And then I agree. And
then just choose I don't have a product
key and if it's available, just choose
Windows 11 Pro and then press next.
Accept the agreement. And over here,
you're going to find your SSD. Delete
all the partitions on your SSD. Then
choose the annuncated space that's left
over and then press next. It's going to
start installing and restarting into
your Windows. So, we're just going to
set up our username and password. If you
don't want a password, you just leave
this blank and press next. And it's
automatically going to skip all the
privacy questions. So, we don't have to
deal with that. That's going to straight
up load into your desktop. Once on
desktop, if you don't have any Wi-Fi,
then you need to go ahead and go to the
USB stick, go to Ethernet and wireless
drivers folder, and then just go to
Intel Wi-Fi or AMD Wi-Fi, whichever one
that you've got. And then once they're
done, you should be able to just go on
the bottom right and be able to just
connect to Wi-Fi. So if you don't have
Ethernet like me, all you want to do is
find your USB stick, go to this folder
again, and then go to release 30.6. Open
up your device manager. You're going to
find Ethernet controller right here with
this hazard sign. That means there's no
drivers. So right click on it, click
update driver, then click this address
bar right here, copy this whole thing,
click browse, then paste this into
there. Press next. It's going to search
through the whole entire folder. and
then automatically update your drivers
and then give you Ethernet just like so.
Now, once you're connected, just go
ahead and download the optimization pack
one more time and place it on your
desktop. Now, open up the optimization
pack. Go to the fourth folder which is
called after Windows has been installed
with the USB stick and then you're going
to go to install required runtimes. Go
to visuals, [music] right click on
install all atbat, click run as
administrator, and then press yes. Now,
while it's running the C++ runtimes
allin-one, just go ahead and install
DirectX and make sure you uncheck
install the Bing Bar just because that's
annoying. Then press next and then next
again. And just let that download and
install. Now go back and go to the
second folder, which is the install GPU
drivers folder. If you're on Nvidia, go
to the Nvidia folder and double click MV
Clean Install and then press yes. Then
just going to install the latest driver.
Press next and let that download. Then
for the installation tweaks, all you
want to do is check the first three
options. Check disable an cell and then
click show expert tweaks and then check
disable driver telemetry. Check disable
HTCP and these two bottom ones. Check
these as well. Then press next and then
just press install. It's going to start
downloading your Nvidia driver. For AMD,
it's pretty straightforward. All you
want to do is just double click the AMD
Radeon folder and then double click the
download Radeon drivers and then just
choose your graphics card from this
dropdown and download the latest Radeon
drivers that are not the optional
drivers. You want to make sure you're
using the recommended drivers. However,
if you've done your research on the
optional driver that is out at the
moment, then you can go ahead and
install that [music] and then just deal
with that. But for majority of people
watching, the recommended one should be
fine. Now, for additional drivers, just
go back twice and then click update any
other drivers. We're going to be using
SDIO installer. And what this tool does
is pretty much just scans your whole
entire PC and finds [music] anything
else that's missing. So, as you can see
here, there's nothing else that I really
need in here that I have to download.
But usually, you'd find Bluetooth
drivers, Wi-Fi drivers, or [music] an
updated Ethernet driver if it's right
here. For my case, there's really
nothing I need to update. So, I could
just pretty much go ahead and close it.
Now go back and then go to GPU driver
settings and tweaks. Right click MSI
utility V3, run it as admin, and then
just find your graphics card. Make sure
it's checked. And then anything else
with MSI and the supported modes, like
this high definitionition audio
controller, make sure it's checked.
However, if the supported modes doesn't
say MSI, if it's just line based, do not
check it. Just leave it unchecked. And
then everything else, you want to make
sure that the priority is set to
undefined. And then press apply. and
then refresh just to make sure that it's
done. Then go to Nvidia if you're on
Nvidia. And all you want to do is drag
this optimize.nip into Nvidia profile
inspector. So, press yes. Press okay.
And then right click your desktop, go to
Nvidia control panel, agree and
continue. [music] Head over to adjust
image settings with preview. Choose this
middle one just to make sure that we're
using the customized settings. And then
press apply. And then just go to manage
settings and make sure it looks similar
to mine like so. then go to adjust to
stop color settings. The only thing here
that you need to change is this digital
vibrance if you want to change it.
However, for most of you, you can
probably just leave it at 75%.
Because that's what I personally like.
And as you can see, the colors get way
more vibrant. You can just instantly
[music] tell with this background, this
green leaves are way more green. Then go
to adjust desktop size and position. If
you don't use [music] stretched
resolution in games, you could go ahead
and set this to no scaling. However, if
you do use stretch, just go ahead and
leave it at [music] aspect ratio. But
for me, I never use stretch drives. I
use native. So, I'm going to go ahead
and set it to no scaling. Then go back
and if you're on Radeon, just go ahead
and follow this Radeon control panel
settings screenshot. But if you wanted a
full on guide, there is a video linked
here to my Radeon control panel guide,
which is very in-depth. So, go ahead and
watch that. Now go back, go to Windows
settings and double click display
settings and [music] go to advanced
display and then just set your refresh
rate to the highest refresh rate that
you've got. Then [music] go back, go to
graphics, turn on optimizations for
windowed games if it's not already
[music] turned on, and then advanced
graphics settings. Make sure hardware
accelerated GPU scheduling is [music]
turned on. Then just go to system, go to
notifications, turn off notifications.
Then go back [music] to system and go to
apps, advanced app settings, and turn
off archive apps if you are able to. And
if it's not already off, then go to
gaming, game mode. Make sure that is
turned on. Then go back and go to Xbox
Game Bar and make sure that is turned
off. Then go to privacy and security
general. Turn all this stuff off. Then
go back and pretty much you want to turn
off everything [music] in this page that
you don't use. So, I'm going to do that
right now. And make sure you turn off
everything except camera and microphone.
But everything else under that, you're
good to go and turn it off. It's not
going to cause any issues. Now, once
you've done that, you want to go to
Windows Update and then just pause these
updates as much as possible. also for me
for 4 weeks just because you're not
going to need any Windows updates for a
pretty long time just because we've
downloaded the latest version of Windows
11 or Windows 10. Now, you can pretty
much close out of this and then go back
to the folder, go to disable unnecessary
services, and then just right click this
service disabler.bat, run as admin,
press yes. It's it's going to disable
all these useless services that you
won't need for gaming and just press any
key. Now, you could go to this optional
folder and disable even more services if
you wanted to do that and lower your
processes even more, but that's
completely optional. And I highly
recommend setting a restore point or
knowing that you can revert these before
running them just because I don't want
to see any comments saying, "Oh, this
broke my Bluetooth." Or, "Oh, this broke
my search bar." That's because you've
ran these optional stuff and didn't read
the warnings at all. Now we can go back,
go and disable microode mitigations. And
for 14th gen Intel or older, this is
completely safe to do on the new AMD
processors. Test with these on and off.
And all you want to do is just double
click this MSU.exe shortcut. And then
you want to just paste these commands
into Modo just to disable microode. And
then enable microode is the default.
Then go back, go to disable memory
compression. If you have under 16
gigabytes of RAM in your PC, do not do
this. However, [music] if you have 32,
if you have 16 or more, you go ahead and
run this as admin to disable memory
compression in Windows. Then go back, go
to device tweaks, and then open up
device manager, click view at the top,
and then devices by connection. And this
is pretty straightforward. All you want
to do is just expand everything, and
whatever you don't use, you can pretty
much disable. [music] So, SATA drives,
these empty USB controllers, you could
disable. And that's if you have
everything plugged in, obviously. So, if
you disable this, some USB ports on your
motherboard won't work anymore. So, make
sure you have everything that you
possibly use plugged in. Now, this isn't
really necessary, but it's a good thing
to do because some of these USB
controllers can add DPC latency. And
then expand your SATA or MVME
controllers and double click your system
drive. Go to policies and then check
turn off Windows right cache. And make
sure you do that for all of your drives.
Then once you've expanded all of your
USB controllers, double click on this,
click properties, [music] go to power
management, and then just uncheck allow
the computer to turn off this device to
[music] save power on all of your USB
devices. Once you've done that, all you
have to do is just run the file system
tweaks as admin and then just press key.
Then go back, go to network settings,
double click network connections, and
then just double click on your Ethernet
or Wi-Fi, whichever you're connected to.
Click properties. Uncheck everything
except QoS packageuler and internet
protocol version 4 and then double click
internet protocol version 4. Go to
advanced ws at the top. Uncheck enable
lm host lookup and net bios settings.
Set it to disable net bios over TCP/IP
and press okay. Then click configure.
Press yes. Go to power management.
Uncheck everything here. Go to advanced.
disable energy efficient Ethernet and
disable any of these wake on land
settings. And if you have any setting
related to power saving in the advanced
tab, go ahead and disable it and press
okay. It's going to disconnect your
internet for a second, then come right
back. Now, we can go back and go to
install launchers and games. And this is
where you can pretty much install all of
your applications and stuff that you
need for games. So, specific settings
for these applications. For Discord, you
want to turn [music] off the overlay.
And then you want to go to advanced and
turn off parate acceleration. And if
you're subscribed to Discord Nitro, you
want to also disable the clips feature
as that can reduce your FPS. Then in
voice and video and Discord, also
disable debug logging. In the Nvidia
app, you just want to set it to the game
ready driver and turn off optimized
games. [music] And just leave the
overlay on only if you use it for clips.
And just make sure you turn off all the
notifications in the video app. In Epic
Games, just whenever you install
Fortnite, make sure you uncheck high
resolution [music] textures. Then go
back and go to this optional one right
here, disable imod. Now, if you play
Valerant, if you play Face It, or if you
play a game with an anti-G that requires
core isolation turned on, do not do this
tweak. It won't work. However, if you
play Fortnite, if you play Call of Duty,
you can do this without any problems.
So, all you want to do is you want to go
to this folder, fix driver cannot be
loaded. error if you're on Windows 11
[music] and then just run the second
file right here and press yes and press
okay and go back and then you want to go
move this to your C drive folder right
click this click copy go to this PC and
then C drive and then paste it into
there and then press continue and then
go back go to move this to startup
folder right click this click copy at
this address bar type shell colon
startup and then press enter and right
click and click paste and then go back
and you want to just double click RW
everything. You just want to quickly
install [music] this program and that's
all. Then go back and go to cleanup. Go
to auto runs 64.exe and go to lo on. You
want to uncheck anything that you don't
want running whenever you start up your
computer. So that could be like Discord,
Spotify, all the other stuff. Then go to
schedule task and then just [music]
delete these yellow stuff. And anything
related with Edge update or Windows
updates, you can pretty much uncheck.
Then go to services and do the same
thing here. Edge updates already
disabled. Game input service right here.
You can also disable this if you're not
going to be playing any Xbox games. Then
go [music] to drivers and then just
pretty much delete this yellow stuff.
However, I'm not going to delete this
one just because this is related to this
program. Then you can close out of that.
Now double click this one and click
clean up system files. And you want to
pretty much check everything here except
DirectX shader cache. Then press okay
and double click run disclaimer. Then
you want to go to your temp one file,
control a shift and delete on your
keyboard and then press yes. Then go
back temp 2. Click continue. Control a
shift and delete on your keyboard. Press
yes. Go back. And now if you are on
controller, [music] so if you have a PS4
or PS5 controller, you can go ahead and
go to the overclock controller folder.
And if you're on Windows 11, just run
this right here in order to overclock
your controller. [music] If you're on an
Xbox controller, unfortunately, this
tool still works to overclock, but it
won't actually apply. [music] And the
reason for that just because Microsoft
has locked the Xbox firmware. So, you
can't really overclock that [music]
controller at 1000 Hz unless you have a
custom modded Xbox controller that is
rated at 10,000 Hz or uses the software
to set at 10,000 Hz. But for regular
PS4, PS5, just go to driver, go to
setup, and just pretty much choose all
right here. find your controller, click
install service, filter on [music]
device, and then set it to 1,00 and then
press restart. And that's all you have
to do. Then you can just use this
program right here to make sure that
you've actually set your controller to
1,00 hertz. Then go back again. And now
before we start gaming, we got to make
sure your temperatures are good to go.
So go to the optimization pack and
[music] go to this fifth folder right
here, diagnosis of your system hardware.
And then just double click user diag
home. And this is just pretty much a
program that's going to test your system
and make sure that everything looks
good. So, click keep and press yes on
that. You just want to click quick
diagnosis. And this is going to scan
your system. It's going to show CPU
temperatures, graphics card
temperatures, and identify any thermal
issues immediately. Ideally, you want
your temperatures to be under 80° under
load and your graphics card also [music]
under 80° under load. But if you're
hitting 90 degrees or higher, [music]
you've got a cooling problem that needs
to be fixed before anything else
matters. So, address your cooling first
by cleaning your PC, reapplying your
thermal paste, or [music] even replacing
your CPU cooler, or if you have a really
old graphics card that's overheating,
you might have to replace the graphics
card. So, now this utility, you can
pretty much ignore whatever it says at
the top, but all you want to do is just
pretty much scroll down and make sure
your temperatures look good. So, for me,
I'm going to scroll down and go to the
gaming workload and then just check how
hot my CPU got. So, it reached about 75
degrees. That's how much it hovered
around. And that's not that bad. So, if
you were reaching 99° or higher, you do
need to fix your cooling. But other than
that, there you have it. The complete
2026 gaming PC optimization guide. Fresh
Windows 25H2 or Windows 10 install.
strip drivers, BIOS dialed in, all
[music] runtimes installed, Windows
completely optimized, and temperatures
verified. Now, here's the thing. What we
just covered, that's just the
foundation. There are dozens of
additional tweaks, per game
optimizations, overclocking, and
advanced settings that could [music]
squeeze even more performance out of
your system. If you went through all
this and feel like you did something
wrong, or you just don't want to spend
hours on this, head over to zilly.net or
one of the top gaming PC optimization
services on the internet. Our
competitive PC optimization service
handles everything you just saw, plus
overclocking your CPU, RAM, and graphics
card, as well as ongoing support. We've
optimized thousands of systems, and
we'll get yours running at absolute
peak. First link in the description. If
this guide helped you out, smash that
like button, subscribe for more
optimization content, and drop a comment
letting me know the insane performance
differences you're seeing. Share this
with your friends who are constantly
complaining about input delay, low FPS,
and [music] stuttering. This is going to
completely change the game for them.
Now, restart your computer, install your
games, and let's stop complaining.
Peace.